# Creating a Basic Bot Instance

## Project Setup

Okay, let's finally jump in. We're not going to address any of the actual features of the bot right now, because, I want to start by getting an instance of our bot up and running, just to test out all the initial configuration we just did. So let's start in the `main.py` file. If you don't have one, just create it in the top level directory of your project - the same place where we created the folders during setup. Erase any template text that might have been populated by your IDE, and we'll start with a few import statements. Notice that I'm significantly more explicit with my imports than you might be familiar with. When using typehinting, it's going to be cleaner in 9/10 cases to import and use the class itself directly as opposed to putting the module name beforehand. `discord.Bot()` -vs- `Bot()`.

```
import os

from discord    import Bot, Intents
from dotenv     import load_dotenv
```

These are the only dependencies for our main file for now. So let's wire them in by creating a bot and connecting. Add these lines under your imports.

```
bot = Bot(
    description="<Your Bot Description Here>",
    intents=Intents.default(),
    debug_guilds=[<Your Guild ID(s) Here>]
)
```

*(Click on hyperlinked class names to view the documentation!)*

The [Bot class](https://docs.pycord.dev/en/stable/api/clients.html#discord.Bot) constructor takes five arguments. In addition to what we're providing it, we could also declare `owner_id`/`owner_ids` and whether or not we want the bot to `auto_sync_commands`. We don't need to toy with those though. It should be fairly apparent that you need to provide your own information to the Bot constructor - don't just use my garbage placeholder text, that's no fun. Note, `Intents.default()` should be the value passed for the `intents` parameter unless you're a bit more familiar with Intents and have an alternate plan. But if you're a bit newer to it, just use the default option.
